release: v1.31.0 (#3861)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_bnjjj_fix_3621.md

### feat(redis): add configuration to set the timeout ([Issue #3621](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/3621))

> It adds a configuration to set another timeout than the default one (2ms) for redis requests. It also change the default timeout to 2ms (previously set to 1ms)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's now possible to override the default timeout for redis requests with a new configuration parameter. In this change, we've also increased the default timeout to 2ms (up from 1ms previously) 
```
